___General___
Basically, (at least underlying) always give commands to specific units/structures
Set workers to transfer after minerals saturated?
Be able to do multicommands? (Select 6 workers and transfer them)
Possibly, have command card in bottom right all the time, what it shows depends on what is selected
Most practical uses of multiselect:
    worker transfer
    assigning workers to gas
    maybe building multiple depots
    morphing multiple larva
    creating units, like warp in from the first open warpgate
Have a small overlay icon that says the state of a producer (busy, available?, being chronoed, spawning larva, lifted off)
Be able to repeatedly call mules/inject larva automatically?
Have different panels for workers/structures/military
or, have different panels for each base (holds townhalls, workers, )
Be able to condense worker icons together, effectively stacking them?
When building townhall/gasHarvestBuildings, need to say which base they should go in (allows for macro hatches)
    Need a way to force only 2 vespene per base
Perhaps the default should be "standard" resource locations, with the possibility to create custom resource locations (3 gas or something)
    user can create resource locations as needed as the sim progresses
Should have a die option for every unit (and building for factory scout?) to free up supply
Should have a cancel option (or at least support for extractor trick)
Be able to have travel time? Useful for:
    transferring workers
    traveling to new base to build
    traveling within a base to build




Program could have 2 modes: precision and easy: (More trouble than it's worth?)
    Easy mode:
        Don't need to specify which building builds what


Be able to create control groups?
Pipedream: be able to support archon mode/coop


Possible Gantt features:
    Rolling tasks together into a wrapper task
    Start-to-start dependencies
    Finish-to-start dependencies
    Finish-to-finish dependencies
    Start-to-finish dependencies?
    Leads and lags?
    Need maximal-type relationships? (B can start after A, but with the delay of no more than X)
    "right now line"

___Terrans___
Matters where scvs are built
Matters where mules called (user can set a default?)
How to handle tech labs/reactors and liftoff?
    On right panel, possibly have rax/factory/starport connected to the addon with some pipes? (messes with wrapping?)
    or, just have an indicator on the building specifying if it's attached to a techlab or reactor
        this might not be great, the techlabs need to be available for researching
        it may be possible to do this if the "stacking" idea is used
    If want to move addons: lift off, then pick land and select addon (all else grayed out?)
    or, multiselect a building and addon then click join or something
scvs are occupied when building 
Support repairing from mules/scvs?




___Zerg___
Need to have overlord, zergling, roach, hydra, and corruptor available for morphing
Need to have larva available, where do they show up? Next to hatch where they are? Or accessed through hatch menu?
    I don't really like accessing through hatch menu, seems less good.
Show when larva production is blocked?
Handle morphing of structures to structures and workers to structures






___Protoss___
High/Dark Templar must be able to merge for archons
    look at command card of one, select archon, then click on another templar (all else grayed out?)?
    or, multiselect 2 templar and look at command card of one, select archon
Handle chrono, which is odd because it isn't a task, so it should be done at the earliest possible time
    Possibly set it after a given thing starts or finished (gantt connection)
Should chrono be shown on the chart somehow, showing what chrono was affecting?